what's up guys crazy black women away
here on back burner video got another
one boxing today again happy birthday
Derek y'all can see got about three
packages right there and I didn't even
expect some of these but let's do this
one first because this will happen just
do real quick and it's an awesome item
one piece season four voyage to this is
awesome it's gonna be good for my
weekend I loved one piece voyage to
we're getting further and further baby
getting caught up and this is a package
that I don't even believe it's for me
necessarily is one person on this box I
think it's for my sister actually but I
have the name it's addressed to me so
get this is for my sister so I'm gonna
set this down here but then BAM we
already know what this is we already
know what this is we know this tape by
now the tape does is on this box is from
12.1 company we already know what this
is oh we got all 10 thank you God thank
you adidas we know what this is this is
the derrick rose ah d0 well now I d0
anymore but the adidas rose 3 and the
all black box oh man you can't I can't
see it on here but here we pull it out
there we go d rose logo right there on
the box rose three Michaels repel we got
the black paper and oh my goodness look
at all the goodness that is this shoe
and this is light oh this is so line the
grip all the grip is so good and I'm not
saying that the 773 s are bad but i just
rolled my ankle today so maybe maybe
these will help beer so light oh man
Rose threes guys I got this black if all
met this is such a beautiful shoe this
shoe is so beautiful look at the logo
look at the logo and I got in look here
we go a black socks to match it this
my hoop and shoot for tomorrow for
conditioning the sprint web technology
in the shoe the sprint frame the three
stripes on the back again the same
review time but how your birthday Derek
congratulations for the launch of your
signature line here we go the beginning
of a whole new line of Rose products
this is awesome guys so get the foot
locker's finish lines today you can pick
up the Rose three-point oh you can pick
up the snapbacks the hoodies the shirts
the socks the shorts whatever y'all want
awesome have this shoe and just look at
that tech that's just that is just
beautiful this is 160 bucks the thing is
I didn't have to pay that much so I want
to thank you all for watching this
unboxing video the main items are the
one piece and the rose 3.0 s & 2 next
time guys p